---
layout: layout/article.njk
author: "Cal"
rank: "Executive"
tags:
  - Alton Towers
  - UK Theme Park
  - Park Review
  - "Nemesis: Reborn"

title: "Alton Towers Opening Day 2024"
tag: "Park Review"
date: 2024-03-18
summary: "We visited Alton Towers Resort on its opening day for the 2024 season. As avid fans of the park, our excitement soared, particularly as we eagerly anticipated reuniting with one of our all-time favourite attractions: Nemesis: Reborn."
---

We visited Alton Towers Resort on its opening day for the 2024 season. As avid fans of the park, our excitement soared, particularly as we eagerly anticipated reuniting with one of our all-time favourite attractions: Nemesis: Reborn.

Upon entering the park, we made a beeline for Forbidden Valley, and to our delight, we were met with an array of enhancements that left us awe inspired. The standout feature was undoubtedly the striking helicopter display outside Sub-Terra, complete with immersive audio and captivating elements like the Nemesis egg enclosed in a cage and spinning propellers.

The queue for Nemesis stretched all the way back to Curse at Alton Manor, a testament to the enduring popularity of this iconic ride. As we approached the formidable coaster, we were greeted by impressive new theming—a colossal eye surrounded by menacing, razor-sharp teeth, all of which added an extra layer of excitement to the experience.

Once aboard, the ride surpassed our expectations. With its smooth glide along the track, Nemesis delivered an adrenaline-fueled adventure. Although we encountered a slight jolt on the final turn into the station, it did little to diminish our overall enjoyment.

In summary, our visit to Alton Towers was nothing short of extraordinary, and Nemesis: Reborn’s triumphant return left us eagerly anticipating our next thrilling adventure at this incredible theme park.
